L.A.R.A Meeting Transcript
Date/Time: 2023-06-29 00:29:18

But is there any update?
regarding the climate investment fund, you know, back in the 26th and also the one that I found really interested in really interesting in the in the FMSC BDE is one also the gender best accession.
any updates regarding, I get a click at it. OK. The unemployment farm, as I said, the NFT transition mechanism is going to be one, I think from what the discussion even...
during the spring meeting. There is an agreement that the collaboration and coordination between government, private, as OE in this case, philanthropic and any country like Indonesia has become
of the example which is already mentioned many times. I think that's going to be one of the most important as I said. It's not just the framework but they are talking about the zero money that can be implemented if the candidate
one to retire for earlier if they want to build the new opera and all those things. I think that's going to be a very good one. On the gender and taxation, on the taxation with two most important
is related to the digital taxation as well as the agreement, the two pillar agreement on the taxation which
we are going to start in the past 2023 by the 2022 is going to be the most important on the timeline. So that is more important because it's really related to how the certainty
of the taxation across border, across country, especially on a digital era. On the gender, I think this is now the initiative, which is we are asking OIGDE to, after we have this two pillar,
we are talking about is the taxation is providing the neutral or less neutral on the gender equalization, gender participation. I think this is a very good, it's not new for my personal experience because
My dissertation back then was very, very young. It's actually about this gender relaxation. So talking about the behavior of the labor, whether the female or male, related to this gender,
I think this is going to be a very good one. This is one of the consistent issues which is talking about when we talk about gender you should look at aspects, especially for women, what is their obstacle or how to do
the capital to be able to participate in the economy actively. That's including many things, it's not the childcare and all the flexible hours or now taxation. I think that's very good to come up with that. Okay, I think that can we can
wrap up our session. I think we have gone over time. Okay thank you so much.
Thank you for the extension. Thank you.


---

Meeting Summary

This discussion focused on the Climate Investment Fund, the NFT Transition Mechanism, digital taxation, and gender participation. It was agreed that collaboration and coordination between governments, private entities, philanthropic entities, and countries such as Indonesia was necessary to implement the framework. It was also discussed that digital taxation and the two-pillar agreement on taxation are both important initiatives. Additionally, it was noted that social factors related to gender should be taken into account when discussing labor.